Yo, it's your boy Andy back with another
value pack video. In this video, I'm
going to show you how I was able to find
a product that makes $100,000 per month
with a newly updated strategy for 2022.
And I'm also going to be finding a
product on the spot with you guys live.
And I'm going to be covering a criteria
of how I go about identifying these
winning products because if you don't
have that said criteria, then you could
potentially pass up a winning product
that could make you a ton of money.
If you guys are new to drop shipping or
e-commerce in general and you are truly
willing to absorb and learn all this
information, make sure to like this
video and subscribe for more content
just like this. All right, finally,
let's just hop into this video. So,
before I go over anything in depth, I'm
going to show you my brand and how it's
performed in the past couple months
using these exact strategies. So, let's
hop into my computer. All right, so we
are in my Shopify dashboard right now.
And as of now, my brand is currently out
of stock and our best seller. So, I'm
not able to run at a very high ad spend.
Let's go dashboard profits from December
all the way to present. Today's May
28th. We are at $555,000
in revenue. You can go to Funnel Shoot
and check the same. Make sure that this
aligns. Let's go to December. And as you
can see, we're at $34,000 in profit.
That's over 50% $150,000 in ad spend,
$79,000 in costs, and $555,000
in revenue. 54.86% 86% profit margin.
Now, pay very close attention because
right now I'm going to cover the exact
criteria that you need to fully
understand before going out and selling
any products. Now, the very first thing
you need to be looking out for when
selling a product is whether or not this
product has the capability to make UGC.
UGC aka user generated content is
basically just iPhone content. So, you
want to ask yourself, can I dedicate an
entire page to my brand around making
iPhone content for this specific product
without people getting bored of seeing
the same product every single day? So
you want to think does this product have
diversity? Can you diversify your
content? So this is the content that we
want to be pushing is this iPhone
content. Remember because of this
introduction of Tik Tok. This is the way
in which content has shifted to this low
attention span fast-paced type of videos
15-second videos. Also the reason why IG
rules and YouTube shorts has been
created to compete with that. Now the
next set of criteria that you want to be
looking out for is whether or not this
product is within a passionate audience.
Can you get people involved in your
community? Are they passionate about
what they are part of? and can you get
them to spend money on your brand? Now,
with a passionate and strong community,
there is so much more to work with. You
can get people to become repeat buyers.
You can expand your product line and get
one step closer to attaining longevity.
And then the third thing you want to be
looking out for when selling product is
whether or not your product is overly
saturated. If you're trying to sell a
saturated product and you have a person
that's seeing your ad, the likelihood
that that same person has already bought
the product if they have these interest
in what you're trying to sell is going
to be very high because you have to
account for all the competitors that are
going to be in this market that are
targeting the same exact audiences and
overall just out bidding you and you're
just not going to make any money for
competing with these guys that have a
data monopoly. And finally, you want to
check to see whether or not this product
has a demand and desire from its
audience. One way to see whether or not
these products have a demand or a desire
is simply by going into the comment
section of organic or even paid ads and
seeing whether or not people are like, I
want to buy this. I've already bought
this. Where can I get this? And if you
see ads like that, then clearly people
have a desire. They want this product.
Another thing you can do is go on to the
page transparency of various brands and
see whether or not these brands are
dedicating a budget. If they're
dedicating a budget, they're spending
money. Likely they're making money back.
Also, another thing to note, if you see
that a page transparency is running a
ton of ads for a specific product,
that's likely their winning product
because if they're putting all the
attention towards that one product,
they're probably going to make the most
money from that specific product. So,
that's something that you want to take
note of. Now that we've covered the
criteria of how to go about identifying
these winning products, I'm going to go
on my phone and do it with you guys step
by step live. All right, so step one is
to like the video because it really
helps out the algorithm. Well, you don't
have to do it, but if you're enjoying
this video, please do like. Step two is
to go on your phone and download the Tik
Tok app. All right, so now that you have
the Tik Tok app downloaded, we are going
to go into the search bar right here.
We're going to go right here to Tik Tok
made me buy it. All right, so here we
are on Tik Tok made me buy it. And for
example, I would go to a page just like
this.
See this ad?
And we're trying to find accounts that
advertise products organically like
this. And we're looking at the likes and
the comments and the shares. And
clearly, let's see, we scroll down. I
need that right here. Not bad. Well
done. I need this. So, these are the
exact comments that we want to be
looking for. And what I'm going to do
here is go onto this page and see
whether or not they are selling anything
or if they have any affiliate links. It
seems like it's a girl that's dedicating
her entire page to unboxing videos. So,
if we go on her page and we just scroll,
she has a lot of products that are
clearly all on AliExpress. So, she's
either has affiliate links or she's
selling it herself on her link in bio.
So, that's one thing to also check.
Check her link in bio. Another thing
that you can do, this was called an ice
ball maker. So, what I'm going to do is
go into the search bar and I'm going to
be looking for accounts that are
dedicating their entire page to this
specific product. And now, what we are
looking for is organic content around a
product where on a daily basis, people
are posting various videos dedicated to
this specific product. So, I'm going to
go here.
These guys are probably running some
organic content. Seems like they're
doing different types of products. All
right. So, if we find a page that's
dedicating content towards this specific
product, I'm going to go here, go to
their page, go to their link, see what
they have. Shop store, ice ball maker.
Okay, doesn't look like they're selling
it anymore, but this is kind of the
idea. You want to be looking for
products that people are building entire
pages about and then check their link in
bio and see if they're selling this
product. Now, if we see that they're
running a ton of content for that
specific product, that is clearly their
winning product. So, what I'm going to
do right now, this is just an example.
I'm going to keep searching and see
whether or not I can find something
within the next 5 minutes. All right.
So, for the past couple minutes, I've
done a little bit of digging and I found
a product that I think has a lot of
potential just based on all these
So, as you can see, this product I guess
is
blaster these pellets in water and then
seems like they explode on contact and
it's really powerful and I'm seeing a
lot of these pages that are posting tons
of UGC content. Now, if we just think
about all the criteria that we went over
to identifying a winning product. First
of all, this product has tons of
capability for userenerated content and
we definitely have a bunch of people
that are very passionate about this
specific community. You got teenagers,
you got kids that love toy guns. Just
look at the Nerf gun community and Super
Soers. Next thing that I'm going to do
is go onto my TikTok and see whether or
not there was tons and tons of
saturation for this specific product.
So, I'm going to go on my scroll and it
looks like there's just different models
of the same type of gel blaster. So,
there are a lot of views, but each gun
looks like it's very different. And it
might not even be the same thing, but
there's a bunch of little variations of
this gel blaster. The cool thing is that
let's say you get a viral video with all
that information, with all that data and
that credibility. You can go to supplier
and be like, "Hey, I want to make my own
gel blaster." And, you know, add your
attachments. You can make a sniper. you
can go in and expand your product line
and that's where you're going to go in
and eventually attain longevity. And so
if we go to the comment section, we're
going to see whether or not people have
a demand for this. Some I wish I had one
right here. How long did it take? Where
can I get that? Okay, so let's see if
they are going in and actually utilizing
a lot of traffic and selling it. So
let's go to their link in bio. They
clearly have a link in bio. And sure
enough, they're selling Glock Gel
Blaster Auto Fast $62.99. So clearly
they are making money if they're driving
all this traffic to this specific
website. Now that we went over all the
criteria for winning product and it's
all been checked off, we're going to go
into AliExpress and see whether or not
it's even possible to sell it. All
right, so we are on my computer now and
I typed in gel blaster and clearly there
are a ton of these products, different
variations, different models, different
attachments, different scopes, different
water bomb pellets. So clearly this
product you can sell. And so if we
remember the last guys, they were
selling it for what? $62 and it's $10,
$21, $37, $30. And if you get volume, if
you're selling a lot, you can definitely
get that price lower. That's why I
highly suggest getting your own private
supplier. And so what we can even do is
go on to Google Trends and see how this
search term is doing. All right, gel
blaster. And let's see. Okay, so as of
May, it's really gone up. This is the
past 12 months. And look at that huge
spike past 5 years. Just look at that.
Nothing. And then bam, bam, all the way
to 100 at the peak. So this product
definitely there's a demand, there's an
interest, and you can sell it. So it's
pretty much checking off all the green
buttons. Let's say average order value.
If you're selling this product for $60,
$70, and you're getting it for $20 at
volume 10, it's very possible to be
selling 60 of these a day, to be doing
$100,000 a month. So this product
clearly checked off all the criteria to
be a winning product. and I found that
within less than 10 minutes. So, if I
can find it within less than 10 minutes,
I think you guys can go and find a
couple products that could have the
potential to make you $100,000 per
month. All right, so before I end this
video, I want to announce the winner of
the free one-on-one call giveaway from
last week's video. The winner is Molina
Hadalgo. Congratulations. Send me a
message on Instagram and we will
schedule a time to help you with your
e-commerce ventures. Don't forget that
to enter, all you got to do is be
subscribed, like this video, and comment
below which place you want to travel to.
and I do these giveaways every single
week. If you guys enjoyed this video and
want to see more content just like this,
make sure to hit that like button and
subscribe. I'll see you guys in the next
video. Peace.
[Applause]